great effect
here we are in the kitchen of the gray
video there is only me as ingredients
simple big pork fillet today
in a bacon crust what do you need?
pork fillet of about 600 grams
750 ml of vegetable broth 2 100 g of
pancetta 80 g of butter 500 grams of
champignon sage rosemary mushrooms 2
garlic cloves oil salt pepper and a
glass of good wine
here we are here for our recipe
for the second Christmas dish you see
just like my hat
the father proposed by the show anyway
Let's start this recipe right away
very simple and direct the tie that
everything sounds perfect, I'm great
saying this recipe simple and not
I would say something to underestimate
economical because a filter never to none
cost is a clear bacon does not like
my hat will start very well
immediately the price of forms to facilitate
the break rolled by me from mine
beloved we place the bacon
here's seas bacon needs to be made and
cut a little bit higher
put the meat in this way, let's go
already a little rosemary
fresh and let's distribute
directly on the meat like that
Meanwhile to put this recipe with
this
at this point a pinch of salt also
not so much so we try to
maybe capture these
this terrified we do well
we also take some string scissors
thank you not only a master butcher and
so I'm not quite as good as or
less so bad gives me a good sense
witty so perfect and then we are
pass we tie first piece on
perfect center of things
for as we are also good of the
sand
let's turn so let's pass crosetto e
we close pay a little oil butter 1
clove of garlic and let's say yes
let's all go away let's start right away
browning the stop is the piece of fillet
said here it is, I recommend you brown it
well on all sides
I was ready online ap well vida that
I will enter and we will start immediately also a
make mushrooms and then know that oil
I put that little bit of hard that I do
we boast
we can not better accept
clove of garlic mushrooms ahead
fine regular mushroom universities offered e
let's raise the flame that we're going to smoke
salatin aiful among the many also mushrooms
christmas therefore we have red color too
lands we are still careful in milan
with the mushrooms we are is your some
minute just like that to warm them up when
we reserve with the place here is it
let's make
we end our culture by adding
the broth we cover medium heat for 1 hour
let's look little
look at that show
flat and perfect trivet this
orderly way
let's go away maybe we take off
I shoot from there what a show you feel
perfume 77 wagon wheels yes
is a bit of person it takes my
qua be nice
we keep the mushrooms perfect and then a little
of green on this side I would say that
we made a beautiful dish a
beautiful second Christmas dish what
says we have 8 hope